---
layout: post
title: "Links for July 13th 2020"
date: 2020-07-13 22:40
---

[The Chicks Are Done Caring What People Think](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/08/arts/music/dixie-chicks-gaslighter.html) by Amanda Hess in the *New York Times*:

> In 2003, if you’ve forgotten, American troops invaded Iraq, and Maines offhandedly told a London audience, “We’re ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas.” The comment sparked a country radio boycott, album-burning rallies and a squabble with Keith, who staged concerts in front of an oversize doctored photo of Maines embracing Saddam Hussein. The Chicks appeared on the cover of Entertainment Weekly nude, with some of the names they’d been called printed on their bodies.
>
> “The incident” also presaged the coming tide of celebrity activism, social-media cancellation and political harassment campaigns. But even as they were cast out of Nashville, the Chicks entered the pop stratosphere, and within a few years, they were the stars of a redemptive documentary, winners of a Grammy sweep and keepers of a kind of superpower — what Maines calls “a true ability to not care.”

Amanda Petrusich has [more about the band dropping 'Dixie' from their name](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2020/07/20/why-the-chicks-dropped-their-dixie) in the *New Yorker*. I'm happy they moved away from that word, but it's going to take some getting used to.

[The Unexpected Sunlight of Waxahatchee’s “Saint Cloud”](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/culture-desk/the-unexpected-sunlight-of-waxahatchees-saint-cloud) by Jia Tolentino in the *New Yorker*:

> Katie Crutchfield, who records music under the name Waxahatchee, released “Saint Cloud,” her fifth solo album, in late March, just as the country went into coronavirus lockdown. In the long months since, the album has become a talisman of the self-isolation era. On the cover, Crutchfield is barefoot, wearing a sky-blue dress, sitting atop a pickup truck the color of butterscotch ice cream, its bed wreathed with red roses. Rooted and easy, the eleven songs, which have earned Crutchfield comparisons to Lucinda Williams and early Dylan, warm listeners with hard-won sunlight and unexpected peace. Crutchfield recorded her solo début, “American Weekend,” in 2012, in a single snowed-in week at her parents’ home, in Alabama; Waxahatchee is a reference to a nearby creek. But this is her first album that explicitly evokes the music she grew up with. The D.I.Y. fuzz that pervades the previous Waxahatchee albums—and the lo-fi punk records she made with her twin sister, Allison, under the name P.S. Eliot—has given way to the unadorned sound of an older country-blues tradition. The album’s first track, “Oxbow,” begins with a crisp, decisive drumbeat and a synth that sounds like a tape rewinding. When the first, deep chord kicks in and Crutchfield starts singing, it feels as if you’ve stumbled through thick woods to find a sudden clearing, a place where you can stay as long as you like.

It's a great album, especially in our current times.

[The Pandemic Proved That Cash Payments Work](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/07/600-week-buys-freedom-fear/613972/) by Annie Lowrey in *The Atlantic*:

> The UI bonus in the CARES Act expires at the end of July, and Congress is in the midst of a roiling debate over whether to extend it, winnow it down, or end it entirely. Democrats largely favor keeping the bonus payments in place, given the scope of the recession. Republicans have argued that, by allowing workers to stay home rather than look for jobs, the bonus is harming the recovery. White House officials are pushing for it to end, too.
>
> But the economic evidence, as well as testimonials from Americans receiving the bonus, supports not just keeping the $600 payment, but expanding it to encompass millions more Americans. Simply giving people cash turns out to be a powerful way to protect workers during a public-health crisis, to alleviate poverty, and to empower employees to bargain with employers. Uncle Sam needs to give out a lot more.

[How the American Worker Got Fleeced](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2020-the-fleecing-of-the-american-worker/) by Josh Eidelson and Christopher Cannon for *Bloomberg Businessweek*:

> For Americans with a less fancy résumé than the typical physician or Google engineer, the coronavirus has exacerbated an already dire lack of employment security. A great many essential workers have been growing, picking, tending, slaughtering, packing, preparing, and delivering food throughout the country without paid sick days. While other countries moved quickly to backstop payrolls and freeze their economies more or less in place, the U.S. let 40 million people go unemployed and has kept many of them waiting months for temporary assistance.
>
> Long before the pandemic, U.S. workers’ productivity and their median pay, which once rose in tandem, went through an acrimonious divorce. Compensation, especially in some of the country’s fastest-growing industries, has stagnated, while the costs of housing, health care, and education decidedly have not. The federal minimum wage, stuck at $7.25 since 2009, is worth 70% of what it was in 1968, and about a third of what it would be had it kept pace with productivity.
> 