---
layout: post
title: "Links for July 6th 2020"
date: 2020-07-06 16:30
---

This will be a weekly post cataloging articles I read and liked enough to *favorite* in Pocket within the previous week.

[Europe in 1989, America in 2020, and the Death of the Lost Cause](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/cultural-comment/europe-in-1989-america-in-2020-and-the-death-of-the-lost-cause) by David Blight in the *New Yorker*:

> The Lost Cause is one of the most deeply ingrained mythologies in American history. Loss on an epic scale is often the source of great literature, stories that take us to the dark hearts of the human condition. But when loss breeds twisted versions of history to salve its pain, when it encourages the revitalization of vast systems of oppression, and when loss is allowed to freely commemorate itself in stone and in sentimentalism across the cultural landscape, it can poison a civil society and transform itself into a ruling regime. Some myths are benign as cultural markers. Others are rooted in lies so beguiling, so powerful as engines of resentment and political mobilization, that they can fill parade grounds in Nuremberg, or streets in Charlottesville, or rallies across the country.

[Scolding Beachgoers Isn’t Helping](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2020/07/it-okay-go-beach/613849/) by Zeynep Tufekci in *The Atlantic*:

> Our national pandemic conversation, like almost everything else, has turned into a polarized, contentious tug-of-war in which evidence sometimes matters less than what team someone is on. And in a particularly American fashion, we’ve turned a public-health catastrophe into a fight among factions, in which the virus is treated as a moral agent that will disproportionately smite one’s ideological enemies—while presumably sparing the moral and the righteous—rather than as a pathogen that spreads more effectively in some settings or through some behaviors, which are impervious to moral or ideological hierarchy. Add in our broken digital public sphere, where anger and outrage more easily bring in the retweets, likes, and clicks, and where bikini pictures probably do not hurt, and we have the makings of the confused, unscientific, harmful, and counterproductive environment we find ourselves in now.

[European Workers Draw Paychecks. American Workers Scrounge for Food.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/03/business/economy/europe-us-jobless-coronavirus.html) by Peter S. Goodman, Patricia Cohen and Rachel Chaundler in the *New York Times*:

> The pandemic has ravaged Europeans and Americans alike, but the economic pain has played out in starkly different fashion. The United States has relied on a significant expansion of unemployment insurance, cushioning the blow for tens of millions of people who have lost their jobs, with the assumption that they will be swiftly rehired once normality returns. European countries — among them Denmark, Ireland, Britain, France, the Netherlands, Spain and Austria — have prevented joblessness by effectively nationalizing payrolls, heavily subsidizing wages and enabling paychecks to continue uninterrupted.

[How A 4th Of July Meal Exposes The Coronavirus Risk For Thousands Of US Food Workers](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/albertsamaha/july-4th-barbecue-food-coronavirus) by Albert Samaha, Katie J.M Baker, Ryan Mac and Rosie Gray for *BuzzFeed News*:

> Worried about putting themselves and restaurant staffers at risk, many Americans have turned to home cooking as a safer, more ethical option. But what may seem safer for consumers can still be deadly for the low-paid, often immigrant workers who make up America’s sprawling food supply chains. Across the country, from fields to packhouses to slaughterhouses to grocery stores, companies failed to require masks, build protective barriers, or arrange testing until after outbreaks had spread through the workforce. Some workers in the chain still do not get sick pay, forcing them to choose between spreading the virus or missing out on paychecks — between feeding your family or protecting their own.